I created my project in reponse to "We Become What We Behold". My idea was to critique on the personification of companies on social media, specifically the app Dingtalk. Because of the coronavirus outbreak in China, most people have to work or go to school though the internet, and Dingtalk is the most widely used app for communications in campanies and schools. Since many people don't want to go to work, large numbers of people give this app 1-star reviews on the Apple App Store. The funny thing is, the app's account on Weibo(one of the largest social media apps in China) started posting memes and videos begging for forgiveness, as if the whole company is a miserable person who got mistreated by the bad reviews.
I thought that this phenominon is more complicated than just funny. Dingtalk is an app that violates many privacy. It asks for permission to access the user's location, camera, microphone, and basically everything in the privacy settings so that the supervisor can know if the user is working or not. So this app is really part of the surveillance capitalism, its rules absolutely speaks to the advantage of employers (as opposed to employees). The app itself is also part of a huge corporation that advocates for consumerism. Its parent campany, Alibaba, owns a range of online retailing platforms that makes up a huge proportion of the Chinese economy. Such a powerful company is appearing on social media as if it's on a low-power position compared to the people it's trying to exploit; their purpose is to boost conssumerism.
So I thought of using a chocolate egg to represent this capitalism hidden in a human form to boost consumerism. I think chocolate is a very consumerist food because it's been imposed upon many good meanings it doesn't nesseccarily have in the first place. I want viewers to consume the chocolate as they would consume the personification of campanies. I wrapped the chocolate with a piece of paper printed with the comical bird character that Dingtalk uses int he memes and videos. The chocolate has a blue and white marble pattern because blue and white is the color o Dingtalk and marble pattern is a very easily achieved and cheap pattern, but people use it to make something seem high-end. Inside the edd, I attached a spring on the bottom. On top of the spring is a classic capitalist hat. Around it I filled the space with shreds of paper printed with the logo of Aibaba. When presenting the work, I asked  one of the views to crack the egg with a hammer to review the inside of the chocolate.
